README.md, before:

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.1204941.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1204941)

# frbcat-web
This is the web frontend to the FRB Catalogue. This catalogue contains up to date information for the published population of Fast Radio Bursts (FRBs). The catalog connects to a postgres database, which is defined in the frbcatdb python package. For detailed information on the database format, see the frbcatdb package, or directly the [create table script](https://github.com/AA-ALERT/frbcatdb/blob/master/db/create_db_tables.sql).

### Configuration:
frbcat-web has two configuration files.

  * server/config.js

    This file contains the postgres connection string. Modify it to connect to your postgres installation and table. The connectionstring has the following format: 'postgres://someuser:somepassword@somehost:someport/somedatabase'


    This file also contains the URL to the static csv file that should be on the webpage. 
 
  * server.js
  
    This file contains the express web server configuration. Here you can define the port the server is running on.

For further details on how to tune the express server for performance in a production environment see the [expressjs homepage](https://expressjs.com/en/advanced/best-practice-performance.html). This link contains information on how to set the NODE_ENV to production for different systems and how to make sure the server gets automatically restarted if it crashes.

### Installation:
To install frbcat-web, please follow the following steps. First we need to install the dependencies of frbcat-web using the following commands:
```
  npm install
```
Next, we build the package using:

```
  npm run webpack
```

### Running the express server with frbcat-web:
To start the express server with frbcat-web loaded use the following command:
```
  npm run start
```

Commit message:

update install/configuration description in README

README.md, after:

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.1204941.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1204941)

# frbcat-web
This is the web frontend to the FRB Catalogue. This catalogue contains up to date information for the published population of Fast Radio Bursts (FRBs). The catalog connects to a postgres database, which is defined in the frbcatdb python package. For detailed information on the database format, see the frbcatdb package, or directly the [create table script](https://github.com/AA-ALERT/frbcatdb/blob/master/db/create_db_tables.sql).

### Configuration:
frbcat-web has two configuration files.

  * server/config.js

    This file contains the postgres connection string. Modify it to connect to your postgres installation and table. The connectionstring has the following format: 'postgres://someuser:somepassword@somehost:someport/somedatabase'


    This file also contains the URL to the static csv file that should be on the webpage. 
 
  * server.js
  
    This file contains the express web server configuration. Here you can define the port the server is running on.


The configuration parameters in these files can also be defined using environment variables. In that case the following environment variables must be set:

  * databaseURL, connection string to database as defined above

  * CSV_URL, link to CSV location at Zenodo, e.g. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.xxxxxxxx

  * PORT, port that the express web server should run on


For further details on how to tune the express server for performance in a production environment see the [expressjs homepage](https://expressjs.com/en/advanced/best-practice-performance.html). This link contains information on how to set the NODE_ENV to production for different systems and how to make sure the server gets automatically restarted if it crashes.

### Installation:
To install frbcat-web, please follow the following steps. First we need to install the dependencies of frbcat-web using the following commands:
```
  npm ci
```
Next, we build the package using:

```
  npm run webpack
```

### Running the express server with frbcat-web:
To start the express server with frbcat-web loaded use the following command:
```
  npm run start
```
